The president said this would put an end to the "war on coal" and "job-killing regulations".
The Energy Independence Executive Order suspends more than half a dozen measures enacted by his predecessor, and boosts fossil fuels.
Business groups have praised the Trump administration's move but environmental campaigners have condemned it.
Outside the White House, a few hundred protesters gathered to vent their displeasure at the executive order.
"With today's executive action I am taking historic steps to lift the restrictions on American energy, to reverse government intrusion and to cancel job-killing regulations."
During the campaign, he vowed to pull the US out of the Paris climate deal agreed in December 2015.
The regulation has been unpopular in Republican-run states, where it has been subject to legal challenges - especially from businesses that rely on burning oil, coal and gas.
Last year the Supreme Court temporarily halted the plan, while the challenges are heard.
The Trump administration says that scrapping the plan will put people to work and reduce America's reliance on imported fuel.
It says the president will be "moving forward on energy production in the US".
"The previous administration devalued workers with their policies. We can protect the environment while providing people with work."
During the president's maiden visit to the Environmental Protection Agency, he signed the Energy Independence Executive Order, which cuts EPA regulations in order to support Mr Trump's plan of cutting the agency's budget by a third.
He recently appointed climate change sceptic Scott Pruitt as its new head.
This order signed by President Trump is both a practical and a philosophical attempt to change the US narrative on climate change.
His supporters say it will create thousands of jobs in the liberated oil and gas industries. His opponents agree the new order will be a job creator - but they'll be jobs for lawyers, not in the coal fields.
Front and centre is practical action on the Clean Power Plan (CPP), the Obama project to cut fossil fuels from energy production. Although it has long been tied up in the courts, the new administration will leave it to fester there while they come up with a much weaker replacement.
There will also be new, less restrictive rules on methane emissions from the oil and gas industry and more freedom to sell coal leases from federal lands.
President Trump is signalling a significant change in the widely held philosophy that CO2 is the enemy, the main driver of climate change.
US environmentalists are aghast but also enraged. They will be queuing up to go to court. But in many ways that's playing into the hands of President Trump and the fossil fuel lobby.
"Delay is what they want," one green source told me, "delay is winning."
Some Cambodian mothers have been selling their breast milk to women in the US, in a controversial practice that has now been banned.
But the case has raised questions about whether these women have been exploited, or empowered, by this enterprise.
What happened in Cambodia?
For the past two years, dozens of women have been supplying their excess breast milk to a company called Ambrosia Labs.
The company has been processing and selling the milk in the US. It was marketed at US mothers who have problems producing milk for their babies.
On Tuesday, Cambodia imposed an immediate ban on breast milk exports, effectively ending the business.
It is unclear why it has acted now, although this follows recent bans on other controversial practices such as organ trafficking and surrogacy. Health officials said earlier they were investigating as "the product comes from a human organ".
Several countries run milk banks, where women can donate milk to needy babies. Breast milk is also sold via websites and private networks, and is a thriving niche industry despite some countries' restrictions.
Why is the case controversial?
Children's charity Unicef said the practice was "exploiting vulnerable and poor women for profit and commercial purposes", and said breast milk should not be commercialised.
Ambrosia had set up shop in Stung Meanchey, an area near the capital Phnom Penh and known for its poverty, and reportedly approached women in the area.
Reports said Ambrosia paid them the equivalent of $0.50 per ounce (£0.40 per 28ml), while selling the milk for eight times that price in the US.
Critics say the practice encourages mothers to sell their breast milk instead of giving it to their own babies.
This photo taken on 16 March 2017 shows a man riding a motorbike past the offices of Ambrosia Labs in the Stung Meanchey neighbourhood of Phnom PenhImage copyrightAFP/GETTY IMAGES
Image caption
Ambrosia's local office, named Khun Meada or "mother's milk", was set up in the Stung Meanchey neighbourhood
With Ambrosia, "the women are paid by the ounce, so there is the pressure for them to produce and sell their milk... When you introduce a price tag, it creates an incentive", says medical anthropologist Aunchalee Palmquist.
She also says the women may not be fully informed. While they may believe they are selling excess milk, breastfeeding women usually produce just enough for their infant, so some may be unintentionally selling milk that their baby needs.
The alternative is formula milk, but in rural areas, where the majority of Cambodians live, a constant supply of clean water to mix with the powder may be a problem. Many would not be able to afford formula in the first place.
A large percentage of Cambodian newborns are breastfed, but this has dropped in recent years, and overall child malnutrition is still an issue, according to Unicef.
Ambrosia says they only hired mothers who had breastfed their babies for at least six months - the minimum as recommended by the World Health Organization (WHO) - and limited mothers to two submissions a day.
The WHO also recommends that babies be breastfed, while eating other food, until the age of two or beyond.
Is there another side to the debate?
Ambrosia has argued that it was "empowering" women, and claims it helped more than 90 families financially.
Speaking to media, the women said selling their milk gave them a much-needed stable source of income while enabling them to stay at home and take care of their children. They could earn up to $12 a day - a considerable sum.
"We are regretful that this trade has been banned. It had helped our livelihood a lot," one mother named Chea Sam told AFP.
An alternative would be working in factories or other employment with lesser pay and less ideal conditions.
"They may be working long hours and would be away from their children, so they would not be able to breastfeed them for long," says Annuska Derks, who has researched Cambodian women's issues.
A woman holds a baby at a village on the outskirts of Siem Reap province, some 300 kilometers northwest of Phnom Penh on 22 February 2011.Image copyrightAFP/GETTY IMAGES
Image caption
While breastfeeding is prevalent in Cambodia, overall child malnutrition is still an issue
Some mothers also viewed it as helping out other mothers. In several South East Asian societies, "breast milk plays a role in establishing kinship," says Professor Derks.
"It's like the other child is also our child," one mother named Khorn Vanny told the Phnom Penh Post.
The issue is thus also about the mothers' rights as women.
"As uncomfortable as this situation may be, at the end of the day it should be up to women to decide what to do with their bodies," says anthropologist Charlotte Faircloth, who has researched breastfeeding culture.
"It's a difficult thing to decide their autonomy for them, to say they are not educated or don't know what's good for them. There is a danger in sounding patronising.
"If the buyer and seller are happy with the process then we have to respect that that is their decision."
So should Cambodian women be allowed to sell their milk?
Dr Palmquist argues that the women "are impoverished and therefore living in an environment where their choices are constrained. So there isn't really a choice here".
"There could be many other ways to lift them out of poverty in a way that does not biologically exploit women", such as providing better education opportunities and jobs.
The government said on Tuesday in a brief statement on the ban: "Even though we are still poor, we are not so poor that we have to sell human breast milk."
What experts can agree on is that the transnational sale of breast milk is an extremely complex but growing industry and needs greater scrutiny.
Westinghouse, Toshiba's US nuclear unit, has filed for US bankruptcy protection.
The US firm has struggled with hefty losses that have thrown its Japanese parent into a crisis, putting the conglomerate's future at risk.
Westinghouse has suffered huge cost overruns at two US projects in Georgia and South Carolina.
The Japanese government confirmed on Wednesday that it was aware of Toshiba's plans.
What went wrong?
Toshiba initially alerted investors in December 2016 that it faced heavy losses linked to a deal done by Westinghouse.
Assets that it took on are likely to be worth less than initially thought and there is also a dispute about payments that are due.
As a consequence, Toshiba initially hoped to sell its majority stake in Westinghouse.
Nuclear power plantImage copyrightREUTERS
Image caption
A Westinghouse plant in Waynesboro, in the US
The Japanese company was also twice given permission to delay reporting its earnings until 11 April.
The nuclear services business brings in about one-third of the industrial giant's revenue.
Toshiba says it expects a 712.5bn-yen ($6.3bn; £5bn) writedown because some of its US nuclear assets were worth far less than estimated.
Will it help Toshiba?
A Westinghouse bankruptcy filing should help limit future losses for Toshiba.
The difficulties at Westinghouse have sent Toshiba shares into freefall, losing more than 60% since the company first unveiled the problems in December 2016.
In February, the company's chairman stepped down and the firm delayed publishing its results over disagreements with its auditors.
Shigenori ShigaImage copyrightREUTERS
Image caption
Mr Shiga stepped down "to take management responsibility for the loss"
The financial problems have some analysts speculating over whether the Japanese conglomerate can even survive the crisis, as it will probably be forced to sell many of its premium segments, such as the lucrative memory chip unit.
So while a Westinghouse bankruptcy might stop things from getting even worse for Toshiba, it is still not clear whether the struggling giant will manage to find its feet in time.
UK plant in limbo
The bankruptcy could also have far-reaching consequences for the UK's nuclear future plans.
An artist's impression of Moorside nuclear plantImage copyrightNUGEN
Image caption
The Moorside nuclear plant on the Cumbrian coast is due to open in the mid-2020s
Toshiba has a 60% stake in NuGen, a joint venture with France's Engie, which has the contract to build a new nuclear power plant in Cumbria in the UK.
As part of Toshiba, Westinghouse is to build the reactors for the new plant. A collapse of the firm could delay the project or even put its future in limbo.
It is estimated that the Moorside plant would eventually provide as much as 7% of the UK's energy needs.
A 1,300km (800 miles) stretch of Australia's north-east coast is at dangerous risk of flooding after a powerful cyclone, authorities warn.
Cyclone Debbie has caused major damage, torrential rain and power cuts to tens of thousands of homes.
Australian PM Malcolm Turnbull has activated a disaster response plan.
With up to 250mm of rain forecast on Wednesday, authorities have pleaded with people to stay off roads to avoid being stranded in floodwaters.
"We've already had two instances of people who were caught in a vehicle," said Queensland Fire and Emergency Services Commissioner Katarina Carroll, adding flood rescues were now her "biggest concern".
Her warning was reiterated by Mr Turnbull, who said nature had "flung her worst" at Queensland.
In pictures: Debbie makes landfall
Battered cockatoo and other tales of the storm
Cyclone Debbie made landfall between Bowen and Airlie Beach as a category four storm, whipping gusts of up to 263km/h (163mph), and is now moving inland as a tropical low storm.
Fears of more injuries
Queensland Premier Annastacia Palaszczuk said three people had been confirmed injured, but that number could rise.
"For many people this morning, they are waking up and they are seeing the devastation that has happened in their communities," Ms Palaszczuk told reporters.

Media captionThe powerful storm is expected to last for hours
She urged insurance companies to "treat people with respect" following the disaster, saying 63,000 homes were without power.
Mr Palaszczuk also expressed concerns that injured people were unable to contact emergency services.
The next phase - BBC's Hywel Griffith, Ayr
The troops have arrived, the helicopters are overhead and Queensland has swung into full recovery mode.
At Ayr Fire Station, I spoke to two emergency workers who were packing up their kits and waiting to be deployed. They expect to be airlifted to one of the remote towns cut off by the storm.
When they get there, they'll knock on doors and check on people - provided of course that the doors have not blown away.
Another fireman explained how he was itching to get out and help, even if just to give a comforting hug to someone who might be shell-shocked by the cyclone.
Even in a massive emergency operation like this, it is those small gestures that make a difference.
Queensland Deputy Police Commissioner Steve Gollschewski said the worst-hit towns included Bowen, Airlie Beach, Proserpine and Collinsville.
"Those areas and the Whitsunday Islands remain difficult for us to contact and to get into," he said.
The Australian Defence Force has been despatched in Queensland to begin public infrastructure repairs.
Map
Two men spent a night stranded on this boat, police sayImage copyrightQUEENSLAND POLICE
Image caption
Two men spent a night stranded on this boat, police say
Electricity providers said it was not known when power would be restored to houses.
Mr Turnbull government organisations, banks and insurers to "pull together" to repair damage.
"There will be a lot of damage… particularly to the older buildings, older homes in particular," he said.
"Above all, the important message is to stay safe and follow the advice of the authorities."
In other developments:
Two men spent a night stranded in their boat after it was cast on to rocks
The Insurance Council of Australia declared the cyclone a "catastrophe"
The Great Barrier Reef Marine Park Authority said it feared Debbie might have caused extensive damage to reefs in its path
More than 25,000 people were urged to evacuate their homes ahead of predictions the cyclone would be Queensland's most damaging since 2011.
The eye of the storm at 05:30 GMTImage copyrightEPA
Image caption
The eye of the storm at 05:30 GMT
Cyclones and hurricanes: Different names for same thing
Why is it so powerful?
It made landfall at close to its peak intensity, Dr Jeffrey D Kepert, head of the Bureau of Meteorology's High Impact Weather Research told the BBC. Crucially, it was also very slow-moving. That "can be more damaging because the duration of strong winds is longer. As structures experience a longer battering, things like metal fatigue set in, leading to more damage. Also, more of the rain falls in the same area rather than being spread out, leading to a greater flood risk".
What is the predicted damage?
Fortunately Debbie missed some key population centres, but the extent of damage remains unclear. Although tourists were hit hard, their hotels were "likely to have higher foundations" and be built more solidly than many ordinary homes near the coast, said Associate Professor David King from James Cook University.
Panic over?
No. The storm will still be around even as it downgrades but, as a silver lining, it could bring some relief to farmers affected by drought. "Hopefully that will bring a bit of rain to the interior," Prof King says.
More: Flinders University's cyclone visualisation
A senior researcher has accused the UK government of using "fake science" to justify its policy of culling badgers to control cattle TB.
Prof Rosie Woodroffe has told BBC News that ministers were creating an "illusion" of success to justify the policy.
She was speaking ahead of a scientific symposium on controlling cattle TB.
Ministers say their approach is supported by government scientists and leading vets.
When evidence is being cherry-picked and presented in the best possible light it ceases to be evidence. It is fake science
Prof Rosie Woodroffe, ZSL
Prof Woodroffe, a wildlife expert at the Zoological Society of London (ZSL) who carried out the scientific assessment of culling badgers to control Cattle TB on which the current policy is based, said the government risked losing trust on how it used evidence - not just on its policy on controlling cattle TB but also on other important scientific issues.
"When evidence is being cherry-picked and presented in the best possible light, it ceases to be evidence. It is fake science.
"When it comes to (other policy areas) such as climate change and bee pollination, issues that have a big impact on lives and livelihoods of people, it is important that we can rely on the government to provide good evidence that stands up to scrutiny."
England has the highest incidence of TB in Europe and that is why we are taking strong action
Defra Spokesman
A spokesman for the Department for Environment, Food and Rural Affairs (Defra), which oversees the badger cull, responded: "England has the highest incidence of TB in Europe and that is why we are taking strong action to deliver our 25-year strategy to eradicate the disease and to protect the future of our dairy and beef industries.
"Badger control in areas where TB is rife is one part of our long-term plan, which also includes strengthening cattle testing and movement controls, improving biosecurity on farm and when trading, and badger vaccination when possible."
Read also: Badger culls extended to Wales to stem spread of cattle TB
Brian MayImage copyrightPA
Image caption
Rock musician Brian May, who has campaigned against the badger cull, is aiming to reach a scientific consensus on the issue
Defra has overseen the issuing of licences to cull badgers in 10 areas in South West England to reduce the incidence of TB in cattle. The first culls began in 2013 in two areas in Somerset and Gloucestershire amid criticism from many scientists that the policy would at best have only a marginal effect on the spread of the disease and possibly increase the spread of TB.
The critics' comments stem from an eight-year trial carried out by Prof Woodroffe in the 1990s which showed that only sustained and coordinated culling of badgers can slow down the rate of increase in cattle becoming infected with TB in the immediate area.
Everyone is sincere in their views but they are diametrically opposed based on the same body of data.
Brain May, Anti-cull campaigner
Crucially, the trial also showed that if less than 70% of badgers are killed, the incidence of TB will not be reduced and may even increase because of the greater movement of badgers caused by the disturbance of culling.
Since then Defra's own monitoring has concluded that it has killed enough badgers in its pilot culls and has rolled out culls in eight more areas. The department will also announce up 10 more areas later this year.
But some scientists are concerned that Defra has changed the way it assesses badger numbers in a cull area and how it sets the target for the minimum number of badgers to be killed to ensure that its culls are seen to be successful.
CattleImage copyrightREUTERS
Image caption
Thousands of cattle are slaughtered each year because of bovine TB
The previous system involved field work by experts to inspect the number of badger setts and a system of genetically testing badger hairs. Many researchers regard this approach as a more accurate way of assessing badger numbers but it is also expensive.
The new system requires no field work. Instead, officials calculate the average number of badgers thought to be in different categories of land from government records.
The new method predicts a higher and lower number for the total number of badgers in any given cull area. This reflects the scientific uncertainty. In its advice to Natural England, who issue licences for the trials, Defra has suggested the agency require culling companies to kill the lower number. The document also states that if it becomes apparent during the cull itself that there are more or less numbers than predicted the targets should be revised accordingly.
But according to Prof Woodroffe, if the government can revise its targets then by definition the culls will always be successful
"Where few badgers were being killed, they lowered the targets; where a lot were killed, they raised them. This means that there is really no way to tell what reduction in badger numbers was achieved by these culls. Culling that was consistently ineffective would look like a low badger density and prompt a reduced target," she said.
Prof Tim Coulson, of Oxford University, who was a member of the Independent Expert Panel (IEP) that assessed the pilot culls, agrees.
"The IEP developed robust methods for assessing effectiveness. Defra has chosen to ignore these. My hope is at the end of this there is a proper independent review and those who have deliberately chosen to ignore the science and pursue an expensive and ineffective agenda on political grounds are held accountable.
"It is not helping the poor farmers. It is costing the tax payer millions. The science has already been clear, but science no longer plays a part in the decision process."
But a spokesman for the National Farmers Union (NFU), which is in favour of the culls, said that the new method for assessing and adjusting targets was justified.
"Daily data collected through the course of the cull will allow Natural England to assess whether the estimated population was a reasonable reflection of the true population. If there is evidence on the ground during culling operations that suggests the minimum and maximum numbers have been set either too low or too high, Natural England can adjust the figures accordingly."
Wounded badger PatrolImage copyrightWILL OLIVER/GETTY
The rock musician Brain May, who campaigns against the cull, is among the organisers of Tuesday's scientific symposium. He said he hoped that it might be possible for all parties to reach a scientific consensus.
"Everyone is sincere in their views but they are diametrically opposed based on the same body of data. My view is that it's because there are all sorts of other factors in there: there is a political element, there is an emotional element, as well as an intellectual element; and unfortunately it has become very hard to disentangle all these.
"The aim of this conference is to try to clear that out of the way and look honestly, and, if possible, without prejudice at the information that is in front of us."
Follow Pallab on Twitter.
Europe is going to investigate a second site on Mars as a possible destination to send its 2021 rover.
Scientists spent two days considering the options and plumped in the end for Mawrth Vallis - an area rich in clay minerals that must have formed during prolonged rock interactions with water.
Mawrth joins Oxia Planum, which was selected for study in 2015.
The European Space Agency's ExoMars rover will carry a suite of instruments to search for past or present life.
It will use a drill to bore up to 2m into the ground, to find samples for analysis that have not been sterilised by the planet's harsh environment.
The launch of the robot from Earth was due to take place in 2018 but this has now been pushed back by two years because of hold-ups in the preparation of hardware.
Mawrth VallisImage copyrightBJÖRN SCHREINER - FU BERLIN
Image caption
Mawrth Vallis is an ancient terrain that shows clear evidence of past water activity
Although disappointing, the delay has at least allowed scientists to consider in detail a wider selection of potential landing sites.
Engineering constraints, including the angle of approach to the Red Planet, meant that only Oxia Planum was really suitable for a mission launched in 2018 (the cruise to Mars takes eight months).
A launch in July 2020 (and touch-down in March 2021) brought back into play two sites of interest that had originally lost out to Oxia.

Media captionAndrew Coates from the Mullard Space Science Laboratory explains the ExoMars camera
Mawrth Vallis has long interested scientists. The terrain is ancient and there is a feeling that if life has ever existed on Mars, this might be the kind of area that would retain evidence of its presence.
Aram Dorsum was the other candidate on the table during the two days of discussions at Esa's technical centre in Noordwijk in the Netherlands. Aram contains a large channel. The sedimentary rocks around this channel may well be the consequence of flood deposits.
But in the end, the Noordwijk meeting voted in favour of Mawrth, and this was then endorsed by the ExoMars Landing Site Selection Working Group (LSSWG).
Oxia PlanumImage copyrightESA/DLR/FU BERLIN/NASA/MGS/MOLA
Image caption
Oxia Planum was the only option for a 2018 launch, but is also still a 2020 possibility
Technically, Oxia Planum - another clay-rich location - was back in competition, but it remains in play and will now be subjected - as ExoMars project scientist Jorge Vago put it - to "excruciating investigation", along with Mawrth.
"In Oxia and Mawrth, we will be investigating areas of Mars where the deposits are so ancient they record what the conditions were during the very early history of the planet - more than four billion years ago," Dr Vago told BBC News.
"No other mission has landed on a site this old. So, I think the mineral variety and the age of the landing site contributed to the preference of the people who voted for Mawrth Vallis."
Picture analysts need to identify a swathe of ground roughly 120km by 20km (the ellipse of error expected with the rover's landing system) at both locations that is largely free from fissures, excessive slopes and large boulders.
These are the hazards that could kill the rover before its surface mission has even begun.
Assuming that can be done for both Oxia Planum and Mawrth Vallis, a final decision on where to send the robot can be made on the science imperatives alone.
This downselection to the one preferred destination is not expected to be made until the year before launch.
US scientists say they have made a mini working replica of the female reproductive tract using human and mouse tissue.
Although the palm-sized device looks nothing like a womb, fallopian tubes and ovaries, the researchers say it should help with understanding diseases of these organs and tissues.
It also provides a novel way to test new treatments.
The work is part of a project to create the entire human "body on a chip".
The ultimate goal would be to take cells from any given individual in order to create a personalised model of their body to test drugs and treatments on, Nature Communications reports.
Menstrual cycle in a dish
The 3D model is made up of a series of cubes that each represent the different parts of the female reproductive system.
Each cube contains collections of living cells (some mouse, some human) from the respective bits of this system - the ovaries, fallopian tubes, uterus, cervix and vagina.
The cubes are connected together with small tubes, which allow special fluid to flow through the entire system, much like blood.
This also means the "mini organs" can communicate with each other using hormones, mimicking what happens in a woman's body during a "typical" 28-day human menstrual cycle.
One of the cubes represents the human liver because this organ plays an important role in drug metabolism, say the scientists.
Tests suggested that the tissues in the system responded to the cyclical ebb and flow of hormones, in a similar way to those of the female body.
Research Dr Joanna Burdette, from Northwestern University, said: "It's a biological representation of the female reproductive tract, so we call it Evatar."
Co-worker Dr Ji-Yong Julie Kim said: "Understanding how the uterus responds to hormones is really important. There is no animal model for a lot of the stuff that we study."
Experts welcomed the advance.
Prof Jan Brosens from the University of Warwick said: "This is genuinely a remarkable technical achievement.
"I am entirely confident that this novel technology represents a step-change in our ability to pinpoint defects that cause infertility and early pregnancy loss. However, it is not a system that can recapitulate all the specialised functions of the reproductive tract or replace IVF."
Dr Channa Jayasena, from Imperial College London and the Society for Endocrinology, said: "The results are exciting and represent an important innovation. However, we must remember that the rodent and human reproductive systems have important differences."
A new breeding population of the critically endangered Indochinese tiger has been found in a national park in eastern Thailand, conservationists say.
Camera traps discovered a small population with at least six cubs in the jungle.
Poaching and the loss of habitat has reduced the global population of the sub-species to under 250.
Conservationists said the success was due to the stepping-up of anti-poaching efforts in Thailand.
Counter-trafficking organisation Freeland and Panthera, the wild cat conservation group, conducted the survey with the support of the Thai park authorities.
Until this find, only one other breeding population of Indochinese tigers - also in a Thai national park - was known of.
World tiger numbers show increase
Hunting Thailand's farm tiger traffickers
"The extraordinary rebound of eastern Thailand's tigers is nothing short of miraculous," said John Goodrich, tiger programme director at Panthera.
The director of Thailand's national parks, Songtam Suksawang, said: "The stepping up of anti-poaching patrols and law enforcement efforts in this area have played a pivotal role in conserving the tiger population by ensuring a safe environment for them to breed.
"However, we must remain vigilant and continue these efforts, because well-armed poachers still pose a major threat."
Numbers of tigers in the wild have dwindled from 100,000 a century ago to 3,900 today, the groups said in a joint statement.
Last stronghold: By Jonathan Head, BBC South-East Asia correspondent, Bangkok
Thailand was the first country in this region to deplete its forests, to such an extent that by the 1980s it had banned logging. It was also among the first to establish national parks, but initially these were also badly stressed by illegal logging and hunting.
At the time, Cambodia, Laos, Myanmar and even Vietnam had a lot of pristine forests left, with healthy populations of tigers. Tigers had declined in Thailand to the point where in the early 2000s it was thought they were very small and fragmented.
But since then, massive illegal exploitation has badly depleted the forests and tiger populations in the other countries - even Myanmar - to the point where Indochinese tigers are believed to be extinct in Cambodia, down to just a handful in Laos and Vietnam and with unknown, but almost certainly greatly reduced numbers in eastern Myanmar.
Meanwhile, improved conservation strategies have allowed the tiny population of Indochinese tigers in Thailand to recover in some areas, although they have disappeared in others. So, with its reasonably well-run national parks, Thailand finds itself unexpectedly the last stronghold of the Indochinese tiger.
